free!

© 2019-2020 avant-gardé eyes

Date: 2019-12-03

Stages:

Level 1 - Village

After Trincid gets beaten up and rushes off to the city. Basically a tutorial, with boxes, platforms, and roofs to jump on. You're being pursued by a Corporation soldier. 

You burst out of your house followed by a soldier pursuing you with a hail of bullets when the game starts.

Pretty easy.

Length - Short (1:00 - 1:30)

Level 2 - Northern Mountains

The Corporation soldier loses you and you find yourself at the foot of a mountain and decide to climb it. You find that you are wounded and your maximum ability level is limited. You swivel through a mountain range, swinging? on things and using rocks to pull yourself up.

Ice theme.

Length - 3:00?

Level 3 - Ajax City (preliminary)

You reach the city you were looking for. You delightfully smash your way through some buildings after swivelling through the suburban areas. Breakable objects are my favourite.

Length: Long (5:00 - 6:00?)

Level 4 - Aero Alley

You reach the Industrial Quarter of Ajax City, hoping to reach the nuclear plant that powers the city. You find yourself almost vomiting as you try to navigate the disgusting and desperately poor industrial zone of the city. A lot of industrial equipment is present that you bounce off as you fight Corporation guards of buildings.

Coughing animations randomly while playing!!

Industrial theme.

Length: 4:00?

Level 5 (Intermission Level) - Downhill Rush...Maybe the end of level 4?

You reach the nuclear plant, but you're cornered by thugs from the Corporation. You have to dodge their bullets and also the debris from the buildings being destroyed by both sides. 

Length: 0:30 - 2:30

Level 6 - The Warehouse (temporary)
The main goal of this level is for you to destroy a warehouse. You can use the forklift to your advantage here. Might remove this one.

Length: 2:00. This one's short but it's gonna be fun.

Level 7 - Central Chemical Station
The inside of the nuclear plant. You have to reach the core of the nuclear plant powering the city and shut it off. You have to do this while you are navigating deadly toxic waste storage tanks full of spent nuclear fuel. The police are also onto you at this point, so you're being actively pursued

Length: 3:30?

Level 8 - Overwatch
You exit the nuclear plant and head for the Overwatch Base of the Corporation. This level has a lot of enemies that you have to kill, or by this stage in the game, fucking annihilate.

You also have to avoid getting killed by sentries. 

Length: 3:00 - 4:00.

Level 9 - Bullet Train
After bursting into the Corporation's Overwatch base at the end of Zone 14, you find yourself on the internal monorail system being attacked by the army after your little powercut act. You have to jump from train to train while avoiding getting shot.

Level 10 - Digital Homicide
After reaching the monorail, you run through the offices of the Corporation smashing the state's machinery to pieces. A downhill jam through the Overwatch Base. The hardest level in the game. You find the President, but he flees

Level 11 (Intermission Level) - Prelude
You hitch a plane and fly it in pursuit of the President.

Length: 1:00

Level 12 - Ascension
The final level. There is no final boss. This level is extremely early in development, and I have basically no ideas for it.

Level 13 - Epilogue
The epilogue and ending sequence.


Counter of the amount of people killed.

Seamless speech bubbles

You are the character?

Level system - kill stuff to get more powerful, maximum level limited by level, stays between levels?

